daily vol of zpr? Max drawdown? Viable cash sub?

Barbell Strategy:
http://www.fooledbyrandomness.com/brown-q.pdf

Indeed I want to have it both ways:
guaranteed floor and maximal
upside — the barbell strategies I propose; the right mixture of
greed and paranoia. I want a safety of a minimal income with
the out-of-the-money dream

Tenken (conversion) - 10 period MA (short term) Mid of total Range over past 9 days
Kinjun (Base) - If price is above the Kinjun-Sen Line then the stock is in bullish territory, likewise if it
is below the line it is in bearish territory. This line is calculated by taking the midpoint between the
highest high and the lowest low over the past 26 periods. 
Senkou A This line forms one of the boundaries of the ‘cloud.’ If the stock is trading above the
line then the line will serve as a major support level. If price is below this line it will serve as a level of
major resistance. This component is calculated by taking the average of the Tenkan-Sen and Kinjun-Sen
lines. This line is unique in that the results of this calculation are plotted 26 periods ahead. This means
that today’s Senkou Span A line was actually plotted 26 days ago
Senkou B Senkou Span B: This line forms the other boundary of the ‘cloud.’ This line serves as a second level of
support or resistance and is calculated by taking the midpoint between the highest high and the lowest low
over the past 52 periods. Like the Senkou Span A line, this is also plotted 26 periods ahead. This line is
similar to a 50% Fibonacci retracement.
Kumo This is the shaded area, located between the Senkou Span A and Senkou Span B lines, that is used
to form ‘the cloud’ itself.
Chinkou This line is also known as the lagging indicator. This line is the current bar’s
closing price plotted 26 periods back. The lagging indicator is often used as confirmation of signals and
can also serve as a support and resistance level. The lagging indicator can also assist a trader in
confirming the direction and strength of trends.

http://www.tuvanduyanh.com/Download/Ichimoku%20Charts%20An%20Introduction%20to%20Ichimoku%20Kinko%20Clouds.pdf

1. Tenkan-sen
(Highest High + Lowest Low)/2, for the past 9 periods
2. Kijun-Sen
(Highest High + Lowest Low)/2, for the past 26 periods
3. Senkou Span A
(Tenkan-Sen + Kijun-Sen)/2, plotted 26 periods ahead
4. Senkou Span B
(Highest High + Lowest Low)/2, for the past 52 periods, plotted 26 periods ahead
5. Chikou Span
Today’s closing price plotted 26 periods behind

Firstly, if today’s candle is above the Cloud, the trend is for higher prices. The top of the Cloud
is the first level of support and the bottom is the second level of support.


Dual Momentum:
https://www.quantopian.com/posts/problems-reproducing-antonaccis-dual-momentum-gem-strategy
